Add blog post for Q1 2023 update (#155)
2i2c-org/2i2c-brochure: content/blog/2023/2023-q1-update/index.md

We've deployed new hub infrastructure for each of the following groups:

- Our [University of Toronto Jupyter service](https://act.utoronto.ca/jupyterhub-support/) now has a dedicated R hub.
- We ran an event hub for the [Drakkar Ocean project](https://www.drakkar-ocean.eu/)
- We deployed a hub for the [NASA Visuaslization Exploration and Data Analysis (VEDA) project](https://www.earthdata.nasa.gov/esds/veda).
- We deployed a hub for the [QuantifiedCarbon](https://www.linkedin.com/company/quantifiedcarbon/about/) organization.
- We ran an event hub for [OceanHackWeek 2023](https://oceanhackweek.org/).
- We onboarded several new community colleges to our "JupyterHubs Education in Community Colleges" collaboration with [CloudBank](https://www.cloudbank.org/welcome-cloudbank) and [UC Berkeley CDSS](https://data.berkeley.edu/).

## Service improvements

Below are a few highlights for ways in which we improved our [Managed Cloud Service](https://docs.2i2c.org) for our partner communities.

### We simplified our authentication workflow with CILogon

Authentication services allow us to identify a user when they log onto a hub, which determines their ability to access hub resources.

> Previously we had used a combination of [Auth0](https://auth0.com/) and [CILogon](https://www.cilogon.org/) for authentication.

Reviewer: And GitHub as well (https://infrastructure.2i2c.org/hub-deployment-guide/configure-auth/github-orgs.html), but not sure if we need to mention it in this context.

> Previously we had used a combination of [Auth0](https://auth0.com/) and [CILogon](https://www.cilogon.org/) for authentication.

Author: ```suggestion
Previously we had used a combination of [Auth0](https://auth0.com/), [CILogon](https://www.cilogon.org/), or [GitHub](https://infrastructure.2i2c.org/hub-deployment-guide/configure-auth/github-orgs.html) for authentication.
```

This quarter, we decided to streamline our authentication process by dropping the use of Auth0 and grow our partnership with CILogon.

💡 _Learn more_

- See [CILogon's write up about it's partnership with 2i2c](https://www.ncsa.illinois.edu/security-made-simple-with-ncsas-cilogon/)
- See [our blog post about our use of CILogon](https://2i2c.org/blog/2023/cilogon-integration/)

### We exposed user activity dashboards in JupyterHub so communities know how many people are using the service

We tend to work with _leaders_ of communities that utilize our service and infrastructure for many others in their network.
For example, a teacher with a classroom of students, or a researcher with a global network of collaborators.

In these cases, it's useful to track how many users are actively using a platform over various metrics of time.
This can tell you whether your community finds a service useful, and whether this is growing or shrinking.

We use [Grafana](https://grafana.com/) to automatically generate dashboards of activity for all of our community hubs and clusters.
However, tracking **daily, weekly, and monthly active users** was not part of JupyterHub's core functionality.

> So, we decided to upstream this functionality into JupyterHub and expose it via [the JupyterHub Grafana project](https://github.com/jupyterhub/grafana-dashboards).

Reviewer: "we decided to upstream this functionality", maybe we may want to add a link to Yuvi's blog post in the Jupyter blog: https://blog.jupyter.org/accurately-counting-daily-weekly-monthly-active-users-on-jupyterhub-6fbec6c6ce2f

Reviewer: jaja... forget about it, I just saw the link below...

And importantly, anybody else deploying the [Zero to JupyterHub for Kubernetes](https://z2jh.jupyter.org) can use this feature now too.

💡 _Learn more_

See [Yuvi's blog post about this feature](https://blog.jupyter.org/accurately-counting-daily-weekly-monthly-active-users-on-jupyterhub-6fbec6c6ce2f).

### We made our support process more structured with a new support widget

We've added a support widget to our [service documentation site](https://docs.2i2c.org).
This will allow users to provide structured support requests directly to our team, allowing us to triage and respond more quickly.

Here's our support button and widget in action:

{{< figure src="support-button.png" width=500 title="Our fancy new support button!" >}}

### We upgraded Kubernetes across all of our AWS clusters

[Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.org) is at the core of our cloud infrastructure and scalability.
We use either a shared or a dedicated Kubernetes cluster for each of our community partners, and it is the foundation upon which all of their Jupyter infrastructure rests.

One of the biggest challenges with managing an ongoing cloud service is keeping the underlying infrastructure upgraded.

> This brings in new stability and functionality, but also often involves manual steps and toil

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This brings in new stability and functionality, but also often involves manual steps and toil.
```
